1. Albatros unit is missing wings, add massive wings to it. 

2. Our "CMDR" vs "BASE" states should also control our fabricator's default waypoints. Currently it seems that the "demo battle" vs "game room battle" is the thing deciding that, but this is wrong. We want "CMDR"/"BASE" setting to control this ---- ACTUALLY no, what we actually want is any "game-start initialized" unit to continue acting as they do now, but any "game-start initialized building" to have the complex waypoints on initialization, but any "normally built building" to have the simpler waypoint assigned to it. So it will not be based on "CMDR" or "BASE" directly, these things should be assigned base don "game-init" vs "game-built". That should be clear after thinking about it. 

3. Also in "skirmish" mode in the curently deployed prod code my fabricators don't seem to be able to create units. 

4. Our "attack this unit" commands don't seem to be just right. Look at how "Beyond-All-Reason" implements this attack and implement it elegantly in "rts-prototype". 

5. When I tell my commander to build metal extractors on the three metal deposits around him, he builds one, but then decides to walk a weird super long way around to build the other two, he seems to not know that the second one is in range with no problem. Figure out this general issue (it seems more general than just this case) and fix it. 

6. We don't need the "FULL" summary piece of the "METAL" and "ENERGY top bar statuses, just show what we have, the capacity, produce and consume as we are showing. Remove that last "summary" piece. While you're working on the top bar, let's also include a "sunlight" arrow, that points in the direction that our light is coming in (it should be directional light I believe).

7. Make our mini-map 85% the size it curently is.

8. There are still a few strange things going on with the flows of our buildings being built. Go look at "Beyond-All-Reason" at how buildings should look and act when they are in a future command in the queue, also look at what happens when they are "abandoned" (I believe they should immediately start decaying and then if they reach zero health they disappear). Consider all situations that buildings might face, look at how "BAR" does it, then implement that here as well. 

9. I've identified a clear issue --- a unit who has just completed a building seems to be requesting its pathfinding BEFORE that new building registers the squares that is on as invalid pathfinding squares. What I'm seeing is that the commander is finishing a building but then seeing that its pathfinding tries to go through that building. Look through all of this and describe the order of events that are necessary to prevent this and other issues like it. Then fix everything. 

10. The build squares of the solar collectors are 45-degrees offset from what they should be. They should realyly just be a square 11x11. Let's have it actually be an 11x11 standard square but let's remove the three middle squares from the very center three squares from the middle of the sides. This should look right as our panels fold out in an X, and the three missing squares I can see there wouldn't be any visible panel in that area. 

11. On our home screen, let's remove "https://niemo.io" and "niemeyer.eric@gmail.com" and only show that in our "Game Info" page. 

12. We have "BENCH" use an "X" instead for removing the user from the game and putting them back into the spectators list. 

13. Our "spectator" seems to have as much accurate information as the players. The spectators can see some units still alive that the real players actually do not consider alive. It seems that the "spectator" does not actually have fully accurate information about the game. 

14. Maybe the build spray doesn't need to spin, that's probably an unnecessary computation that is only hurting performance. 

15. Our torpedos that the "orca" unit fires seem to not work well. I think they are configured incorrectly for being released and travelling under water. 

16. I'm not really sure how all of this should work, so you'll have to do a deep dive to see how "Beyond-All-Reason" works in this regard, but for "fighter" plane units how does BAR handle what units it is allowed to lock on to? player initiated "lock on" or "fight move" lock on or "patrol "lock on"? I think our current strategy for defining which units (or weapons on units) can attack what other units. Basically we have to make sure that if a unit can attack another unit, that the player should be able to tell the unit to do so, and vice versa if a player should be able to tell a unit to attack something then it should be able to actually attack it. This is not just for units but also for buildings etc. Essentially we have to make sure that our commands make sense regarding lock on stuff. Be sure not to break functionality like that of our "loris" unit. 